Serenity updates december (#1065)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-10/2-TailoredExport.md

- EE
---

# Easily replace a value in Tailored Exports
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="mid-October" in="EE" link-to-doc="../articles/tailored-export.html#discover-operations"

> Prepare your export profiles once and adapt them to your distributors' requirements. You call this shade 'Orange', your distributor says it's 'Pumpkin Orange'. From your tailored export, easily match attributes options and reference entities records to your distributors' values. The beauty is that, once it's done, you can duplicate it and use it as much as you need, you no longer need to do it manually afterward. With all that time saved, treat yourself with a pumpkin latte!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the data that you want to send to your distributors and vendors from your PIM, needs to be modified. For example, you call a certain color 'Orange' however, your distributor calls it's 'Pumpkin Orange.' Utilizing the tailored export replacement operation, you can easily match attributes options and reference entities records, like Orange, to your distributors' values, like Pumpkin Orange, all from within the PIM, before your export. The beauty is that, once it's done, you can duplicate it and use it as much as you need, so you no longer need to do it manually afterward. With all that time saved, treat yourself to a pumpkin latte!
```
